platforms instead of locations can be assigned to projects (#354)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshcloud.landing-zones.md

## Using Landing Zones

Customer administrators can chose a Landing zone when [adding meshTenants](./meshcloud.project.md#adding-meshtenants) to a meshProject.

> It is not possible to change the chosen Landing Zone, except by removing meshTenant and re-adding the same meshPlatform to the Project again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not possible to change the chosen Landing Zone of an existing meshTenant. The only way of doing so is by removing the meshTenant and creating another by re-adding the same meshPlatform to the Project again.
```
I think this can come off as a bit confusing, see my proposal for more clarity.

Author: 👍
